feat(plugin-legacy): make terser optional if renderLegacyChunk false (#9453)
vitejs/vite: packages/plugin-legacy/README.md

}
```

> If `renderLegacyChunks` is not `false`, Terser must be installed because plugin-legacy uses Terser to minify legacy chunks.

Author: ```suggestion
If [renderLegacyChunks](#renderlegacychunks) is `true` (default), Terser must be installed because plugin-legacy uses Terser to minify legacy chunks.
```
